[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down the most controversial movies
together
my name is spooky and today we're
watching a natural-born killers a crazy
film that puts two killers in the
spotlight and SM for as many copycat
crimes and school shootings hope this is
a too controversial considering all the
shootings but it's still a good movie
and my favorite country versus film so
far so get a drink ready cop some bad
new popcorn let's get to the breakdown
[Applause]
to teasers and then next we see a
waitress getting hit on by our main
killer we'll find his name out later as
they order up a storm we said a girl is
sitting next to the guy in yeah can't
you read Jesse from Toy Story don't make
some people's names is bad the cute
girly then walks over to the jukebox to
bump the latest or maybe oh this mean
soundtrack that's the Internet has to
offer
the last thing you want in your burger
king
she starts dancing all weird and sexy
but it's still weird but still kind of
sexy the girl Mallory gets disrespected
by three Cowboys from Dutchess gang but
then goes Bruce Lee Tom's Jackie Chan on
one of the guys who tries to beggar the
guy named Mickey gets into a fight with
another one and shops off one of the
Cowboys fingers then shoots at a fat
lady and throws a honey knife and is
escaping cow [ __ ] I mean Cowboys stay
back and fight the [ __ ] boy after
killing all but two people to come and
play a disturbing eenie meenie miney mo
game to pick the last victim Mickey and
Mallory shoot the waitress oh what's her
name oh yeah her and then they tell the
last surviving cowboy to tell the
authorities that Mickey and Mallory did
it since I think I want some fame for
their bloodbath after a cool little
drugged-out intro sequence Mallory and
Mickey have a little drug Dale
conversation about the future but then
we get a flashback to when the two first
met and it's in the style of a TV sitcom
the crazy thing is is actually pretty
funny stupid you watch your language
[Music]
and so if your asses in this house it's
my shop sure it's a foot shop for some
coming up after the father is pretty
terrible despite his pretty funny jokes
in the guise of a sitcom we see that
even the applies sexual assaults of the
family members and the abuse still
doesn't get that laugh-track going Miki
knocks on the door breezing in fifty
pounds of beef Mickey and Mallory meet
each other at the door
know is dressed like that are you just
waiting for me why don't I be dressed
like this with somebody I don't know
maybe some beside you told you I think
you believe in fate Mallory maybe too
happy and go for a ride top
just like Mickey got that move as player
game then the two bouncing Mallory's
dad's car will a pimp named Mickey gets
arrested for grand theft auto within a
custom Mickey and Mallory visiting in
jail she gives him a concealed hand job
and she explains how her dad is abusing
her and touching her inappropriately
after Mallory leaves we cut to Mickey
doing some good old prison labor working
outside with some horses but then a
twister makes things hectic for the
prison guards so Mickey takes the
opportunity to do some grand theft horse
and eBooks it out of there next we cook
the Mallory back of the scary house of
horrors and Mickey breaks in in the text
of hook up dad and drowns him in a fish
tank then they cover up the mom and
gasoline a lighter ablaze because she
never tried helping her children against
the tyranny of her father as the mom
burns to to leave her brother alone she
says he's free now and he smiles on
happiness then it cuts to the couple
getting rid of their past like pinkies
and pinky a storm Ali's hand in marriage
they do a blood hope and a prayer before
becoming a self-made husband and wife
then it cuts to a TV show called
American maniacs you know like your
Forensic Files Investigation Discovery
type show we have some more shows like
that the show is hosted by Wayne gale
but perhaps we'll just call him Tony
Stark after a reenactment of how the
couple murder some cops we see that
Mickey and Mallory are celebrated
globally as cult heroes like a
modern-day Bonnie and Clyde Mickey and
Mallory relax in a motel a Mickey forces
Mallory to always wear the ring he gave
her they start banging but Mickey gets
in trouble for looking at their
kidnapped victim my leaves and then a
weird montage of random clips Mickey
rapes the kidnapped girl his mouth drops
now flashback Road and she's getting her
car filled up by a gas attendant oh
don't do it like that Mickey OA gas
attendant guy she lets him get his feel
on when to get back to Mickey and she's
fishing for a lot of compliments in the
meantime we see sure grace screenshots
of Mallory close-ups and her dad
close-ups
I'm guessing this sex reminded her of
her dad so she loses it and kills the
attendant after he recognizes her next
police show up and Jack the detective
and main antagonist finds the crime
scene and says
no no is tonight what kind of ass do you
like you like chicken bone as my guy my
ass is better than that didn't a couple
were driving through some destination
foot again followed by the feds
then after losing them they run out of
gas and start arguing about their
relationship you know like how all
psychotic couples do they walk around
for a minute and then meet up with some
random Indian guy who houses them and
feeds them the Indian completely
understands what type of person they are
just by looking at him and the two
fathers sleeping Miki Assam dream
flashbacks to his past where he got
abused by Dada Dada Miki kills the
Indian on accident in a nightmare I
guess we're Lee the two seem very
remorseful for killing the man even
respecting his body it's weird that two
mass murderers are sad over killing but
it's cuz the man that housed and fed
them after trying to escape their run
into a snake pit and Mallory gets bitten
on the leg then it cuts to the detector
from earlier about to have some fun time
with a prostitute
but then he saw her strangling her to
death as he jacks off his hard-on for
Mickey Mickey a mouse didn't stop at a
store to look for some anti-venom for a
snakebite with any employee who was
watching some program about the couple
hits the silent alarm before he gets
found out and awed by Mickey before
Mickey asks this you wouldn't be able to
use it anyway Mickey Mallory gets
arrested by the detective and he tries
to cut off Mallory's titties to get
Mickey to surrender he surrenders but
then tries to attack the cops before
getting his ass handed to him when you
later detective is now famous for
capturing a couple he meets up with the
prison warden agent K from many black to
visit the two we learned that the
detective has a hard-on for Psychopaths
because his mother was killed by Charles
women that's a mass murderer we have a
long with funny extended scene of the
warden and the detective talking we
learned the warden wants to detective to
kill the couple they stopped by
Mallory's cell and then she knocks
herself out by running into the door
Tony started mr. with Mickey to talk to
him about doing a follow-up interview
for American maniacs
Mickey agrees to it then next we see
Mickey right now some love letter says
mild is dancing in herself tony stark
organizes the interview to come on right
after the Super Bowl
then during Mickey's trial Mickey has
gathered a crowd
bigger than a Super Bowl halftime
performance then accustomed Mickey is
shaving his head for his live interview
next to interview happens and we learned
a few things about Mickey like his
father killed himself
here Mickey's philosophy on murdering
people next the detective Mesa with
Mallory and starts messing with her it
seems like Mallory got a plan up her
sleeve a prison riot starts up I guess
because the prisoners were really
filling Mickey's interview Vicki does a
comedy routine for the cops in the
interview room and at the end of the
joke takes a gun and kill some of the
people in the cell Mickey makes the
camera crew following him on his
massacre towards Mallory self Mallory
seduces the detective and then she beats
the living [ __ ] out of him then a cops
break in and start pepper spraying her
then Vicki breaks in saying
[Music]
Mickey kills the cops and get into a
standoff with the detective
Mickey feigns surrender then Mallory
stabs the detective in the neck before
shooting him square in the face the
prisoners continue absolutely
destructive mayhem as the prison
officials lose total control
reinforcement skills
Tony starts camera crew but in Tony
grabs a gun himself and gets his killing
on it seen his Tony had always wanted to
murder someone either that or he still
comes the Stockholm Syndrome Mouse
stands off against the cops and shoots a
hole through Tony's hand then Mallory
gets shot in the side they consider
going out in the hill of bullets and
catch their escape fails they bring the
two prisoners out and successfully
escape from the prison leaving a warden
and his cops to get tore apart by the
prisoners but then we see the wardens
head on the spike making him out we then
record their own little cue to the world
matches and then they say they didn't
plan the riot they didn't plan to kill
Tony who tries to speak his case he has
to be left alive to tell the tale but
the couple believes that the camera will
do that the couple didn't kill Tony if
we get some random shots of past crimes
during the 90s the movie innocent we see
Mickey and Mallory now having a family
of their own
so what did you guys think of the movie
I think it's my favorite breakdown so
far it's more humor filled but I thought
it would be good for the disturbing
topics in the movie well let's talk
about my favorite mostest third moment
and my most enjoy a moment
[Music]
this movie was more controversial to
anything as led to a lot of copycat
crimes during the decade it was released
an example which includes a Columbine
High School shooting the most disturbing
goes to the prison riot the prisoners
did a lot of messed-up and gruesome
stuff during a riot just like many
famous prison riots in real life the
most enjoy woman goes to the sitcom
scene the dad even though he was an
[ __ ] like most dads and the
disturbing breakdowns was making some
funny jokes when he was at being a
pervert [ __ ] and that's it this movie
was released in 1994 saying here's Pulp
Fiction and it was directed by Oliver
Stone with some scrape a direction from
Quentin Tarantino hope you guys enjoyed
Natural Born Killers this has been a
breakdown thank you guys for watching my
breakdown on Natural Born Killers
consider subscribing if you like videos
like this this Friday we're breaking
down funny games but in the meantime
check out some of those other breakdowns
on olicity like gore just want to learn
some new stories anyway spooky out